Home page (introduction to the Odyssey)
  Need graphic, will use current home page and talk about content

Essays and Background page (which will contain all writings we submit about the Odyssey, including a piece on its history, etc.)
  (custom)
  Single page without sidebar and all the essays on the page separated by titles
  The Console

Games (the bulk of the content of the site, with a page devoted to each game: 28 total)
  (custom)
  Single with sidebar of popular games and under it
  links to all the other games

  Each game (theme)
  Single page, no side bar
  Place for graphic and video and text

OdysseyNow (pages devoted to our new implementation of the Odyssey: the OdysseyNow console)
  Single page, no side bar
  Place for graphic and text


  Let's go with Escape Velocity as the theme.
    For color scheme, we should work with the original odyssey colors:
     brown and white, perhaps with another highlight added in.
  Anything but that salmon color that is the default!  It would probably also be a good idea
   to use the original Odyssey font somewhere as a title graphic (though not for headings, etc.).
     That font is Checkbook.

  For a main image of the Odyssey, because it is mostly white,
   I think the best way to photograph it is against a black background.
    I'll work on getting that done.  But the main image on the home page
    should probably work with a black background for that section (the section that is
     by default the gray, out of focus shot of the woman on a street or whatever).

  I think you're right that the Console page doesn't need to be separate.
    There will be plenty of info about the system/console on the home page,
   and more in-depth info in the Essays and Background section.  So eliminate the
  Console page and menu item.


//TODO

//HOME PAGE
  1. Add Images
    a. Header Background
    b. Magnavox Odyssey Section
    c. Odyssey Project Section - Maybe picture with Pittsburgh logo?
    d. (3) highlighted articles section

  2. Content - Self Explanatory

  3. Update HyperLinks
      a. Website Summary Section
          Each of these points should each link to the other pages with 1 extra
      b. Highlighted articles
      c. Contact links at bottom

//Games Home Page
  1. Add Images
    a. Header
    b. Games section

  2. Links
    a. Add game links and excepts

  3. Content
    a. Add quick summary on top of games

  4. Contact Us stuff
